README.md, before:

# Web-GUI
This is the web GUI for Open Recommendation Butler. It's a light React frontend to use in combination with the powerful search and recommendation backend ORB. 

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Add live demo and requirements

README.md, after:

# Web-GUI
This is the web GUI for Open Recommendation Butler. It's a light React frontend to use in combination with the powerful search and recommendation backend ORB. 

<a href="https://open-recommendation-butler.tech/">-> Live Demo</a>

## Requirements

You need to have Node.js and npm installed on your machine to run the web GUI locally. More information here: [Downloading and installing Node.js and npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

Installs alle the packages needed to run the app in the developement mode. Make sure to run this command before you try "npm start".

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
